I know, I know, I'm not all dressed up like Jeff, but ladies and gentlemen, I am the
alternate, Jeff, just for tonight, and this week's Harmontown is now in session!
You begin!
Spencer!
And now, ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of Harmontown himself, his honor, Dan Harmon!
Hello, thank you very much. Thank you. Very kind of you. It's not really kind, it's dur-re-gur.
It's dur-re-gur to apply when people come out. What does that mean? I think those are evil dwarves, right?
Dur-re-gur? By default, a mandatory or rather a perfunctory part of the process. Hardly perfunctory.
Just like evil dwarves. Having you out would not be perfunctory.
It's a show with me in it. It is perfunctural to bring me out. It's perfunctural for them to applaud.
Everything's fake. Everything that you ever thought was real is gone. That's what you came here for tonight, right?
I saw the line outside. I got the divorce bump. This isn't my first time at the rodeo. I remember last time you guys were hanging from the rafters, I'd just been fired.
Now, come on, we're always sold out and you guys are always very supportive and you always love me.
Yes, there's the divorce thing. I don't know if I mentioned this, Curtis.
You didn't. I'd heard that. I did mention it to everybody at a show yesterday.
Now it's out. It's good. As you can probably tell, if you follow us on Twitter, it's amicable and mutual.
It really is a simple failure of two people to live the American dream of monogamy or commitment, rather. We didn't fail monogamy.
I'm not like a shake from Dubai or something. We were living together and we were best friends and we were eating pizza and watching movies.
Then we were kind of like, we could almost do this without being married and all that kind of stuff. How many marriages have you had?
It's interesting you say that because my first marriage ended in divorce in much the same way and we decided ultimately that rather than work on saving the marriage, we would work on saving the friendship.
Today, that woman, my first wife, is in business with my second wife and current wife and she is also the godmother of my daughter.
So it can happen when it's done lovingly.
That is either a beautiful story or the revelation that Curtis is a strange David Koresh figure.
And her cousin, her 13 year old cousin, is the mother of my next child and we all go to the same gun shows.
It's like that Sherlock Holmes troupe of ladies that you're hanging out with.
Oh, you've seen that.
See, I know there's crazy shit going on.
No, you mentioned that.
And I never asked enough questions about that.
The Baker Street babes.
I don't even know what questions to ask.
It's better not to.
Let's let it be a mystery.
Let's let Curtis just have his mysterious life.
We have an exciting show.
I have all kinds of shit going on.
I don't want to spoil all of it in advance.
It just runs down anything that I would talk about without bringing people out.
Let's see.
I don't have anything in here except for notes about one of our guest's movies, which was interesting.
We'll talk to him about in a second.
But yeah, there's the divorce thing.
I don't know if I.
Well, you brought up an interesting point when you said like saving the friendship.
I thought what was interesting was, you know, it was Aaron made the very smart like practical decision to after we both like took a lot of space.
And I wouldn't even call and I didn't thinking about it.
I was just taking time because the therapist recommended.
She's like, well, just don't make this decision hastily.
Don't don't do anything.
You know, just like you got nothing but time now you guys get married.
You dumbasses.
She talked us into it.
The the but but it was like, yeah, so just take time.
And I didn't even know and I walked into a couple's therapy session, you know, that we had scheduled and and Aaron started it by having having made a decision.
And it was it was it was very, very brave and thoughtful, but then everything like spiraled into crazy, like shouting and yelling and accusing each other of all of these crimes, you know.
And I think the reason that happens is because it's fucking embarrassing and hurtful to admit that that love didn't work somehow.
And I think you feel weird about it. You feel bad. You feel like you spilled something. And then you and then the easy way to make it less like that is to get mad at this other person.
Like, oh, we must be breaking up because they're an exceptional piece of shit.
And so just yelling and yelling and for 20 minutes while the therapist sat there and like, OK, you guys can do this for the other 364 days of the year.
Like, do you want to and then it was kind of this calm sort of settle in and the final epiphany for both of us was, well, wait a minute, if we really are breaking up, if that's really what we're doing,
then we can immediately just start being nice to each other because we're both good people that are really nice to strangers all the time and we've only really been mean to each other.
And so we how long did that did that take the process to get to that point three years.
No, oh, say, you mean to cool down 20 minutes, 30 minutes of like just kind of like tattling, you know, well, you did this, you did that, and you're like this, and you're like that.
And this is why this is happening. It's your fault. No, it's your fault. Like, if you like, what's the implication there, if you hadn't done something, we'd be, you know, because that's not a good, that's not a good idea to like be married to somebody that's based on like, oh, if you had done this thing,
it's like, if you had done this butterfly effect thing, it's like much better to think as you walk away from somebody that it's not because of some Mr. Destiny bad movie flower you could have brought or or thing you couldn't have said,
didn't say much better to just think that actually, shit, we dodged a bullet before we involved children. Exactly.
So now I'm really judgmental of everyone that has kids. Yeah, it's weird. I mean, it's interesting. And by the way, I'm very, very, very proud of her. I'll probably start crying if I talk about that.
But, but I mean, I, like, especially I feel like, like, you know, if the relationship was toxic, it was definitely toxic because of me and that toxicity came with a dynamic that was uneven, and the uneven dynamic came with a comfort level that was probably difficult for her to, you know,
is very, very, very brave and admirable for her to actually be the one to put the dog down, you know, instead of waiting. And, and, and like, that's, I think, I think I feel like the moral of the story is like, or the irony of it is that we got married and we,
we were imperfect people that got married, maybe for imperfect reasons. And because it wasn't working for that reason, then we went to couples therapy and said, like, Well, how do we make this work? And she said, Well, first of all, you're both nuts. And like, I'll start seeing both of you separately, which,
of course, that's one way to triple your money as a therapist. But I do also think that that she was right. And because because she started seeing Aaron separately and seeing me separately and seeing us both as a couple.
And we were learning about how couples are supposed to work and how all this stuff works. And I think that I think maybe the unspoken thing the whole time, you know, was that we were both learning well, given that this is how this works and given that given that I,
I'm capable of being a normal person alone, like maybe we didn't we didn't really look at it until it was like right in front of our face and then it all happened very quickly. But I think that's the nice thing about it is that you don't,
you don't enter a, you don't enter a relationship for flawed reasons, and then leave it because you're more flawed, you leave it because you get better, you leave it because you improved, you grew and learned stuff. And she's great.
I'm friends with 99% of all of my exes, but I'll certainly continue to be like really good friends with her because she's one of the funniest people I've ever met and and and and and and and and.
and blibbity-blop. Give me my podcast award now.
It's weird. It's weird. The round of applause is weird. You didn't do anything wrong. I'm
saying it sounds weird. It's all weird. If I was watching from an alien planet, I'd be
like, that's weird. It's weird what you're doing. Why did you play that recording of
you crying when your cat died? There's a guy that tweeted at me that he couldn't believe.
It was like, why did you do that? I'm like, why did you do that? I'm so mad at that guy
still. I was like, what did you think I was trying to do? Impress people? I played a recording
of me crying. It sounds horrible and fake and dumb. It was like, no, no, no. It's just
you kind of weird that you did that. I was wondering why you did it. I did it because
you're mama.
It is. Is Faith dead?
No, she's fine. Oh, Faith is great, by the way. That's why you really came.
You just said she died. All right. What else did you do? I know there is a, I don't think,
I think I'm going to cheap this up my sleeve because it seems like a good thing to have
up your sleeve, but I, an authentic MC challenged me to a rap battle on Twitter.
Really?
Are you here, MC Clarity? Okay.
Oh, damn.
Yeah. And I'm not being racist when I say he's an authentic MC. Yes, he's black. I looked
at his Instagram, not at his face. I looked and he's got, there's flyers, like you're,
you're a, is it safe to call you a professional MC?
Have you ever gotten like some of the door?
I've gotten the door.
Professional? No, no, no. Like, I mean, I mean, taking like, like, like, do they do,
like open MC nights? Like, like,
All of you professionals, does everyone think they're a professional?
It's just like, have you ever received a dollar for MCing in any indirect way?
Okay. He's trying to dodge the issue.
Tonight I'm going to take down a professional, a legit, a legit MC.
Yeah. Yeah. And, yeah. And with, and with him, I'm going to take down racial stereotypes.
You're welcome. You're welcome white people. You're welcome black people. You're welcome
hip hop. You're welcome Harmontown. You're welcome. You're welcome.
We appreciate it.
You're welcome. All right. Well, let's, let's move on that because we got a cavalcade of,
of, of, of odd wonders tonight. Like, it's very starting. Well, by the way, Curtis Armstrong,
our guest comptroller. So good to have you back.
And honor as usual.
Okay. So there was this thing. It was called, it was, it was called records.
Like before most of you kind of started listening to stuff.
There was like, there were these chunks of vinyl that I don't even know how they made them,
but because they were kind of going out when I was like younger.
And there was this, there's this guy that made this documentary about the rise and fall of the
biggest vinyl retailer turn that ended up becoming also the biggest CD retailer.
Tower Records is a fixture of Los Angeles started in Sacramento, quickly moved to San Francisco.
It just exploded. It was, it was, it's so ubiquitous.
Like until I watched this documentary that he made, I wasn't even realizing that it was a story
that you could follow that had a rise and a fall, but indeed it did because they just went out of
business and, and marking the end of an, of an era.
This guy is very talented documentary director. He, he's also an actor every once in a while.
Why don't we talk to him about, about one or both? Please welcome Colin Hanks.
Colin Hanks.
Hello.
Hi Dan.
How many, how many, how many divorces are you on?
I'm on four.
We're including all the different family members, but so, because it affects everybody.
So there's my parents divorce and then my wife's parents divorce and then a couple of uncles,
maybe cousin.
Did you ever get the, it's not your fault divorce talk?
Always. That's part of the contract of having a divorce. I think it's, it's legally binding.
Yeah. You have to tell the kids it's not your fault, which is the, a child's earliest encounter
with the concept of protesting too much.
Yes.
So are you going to have like the conversation with the cat or dog?
We already told Spencer it's his fault.
Yeah.
But I get full custody.
Of both of us.
Yeah.
The, but I remember very distinctly writing with my dad and our station wagon and, and,
and like, it was, it was really delayed.
And I say this with, with, with a lot of love for my dad, like, like, I think he's long since
stopped like listening because I'm always like, I'm always like casting shit about,
you know, backward at my parents.
But, but I just remember like, I remember like, I was, I was like looking at a comic book
and I remember my dad trying to like awkwardly launch into the, it's not your fault talk
because my, my parents were getting separated.
They ended up staying together.
But it was just also alarm everybody.
Most awkward thing in the world.
What an interview, Dan. Good job.
Well, I would say this, the, the, it's not your fault talk always sort of segue it like,
no matter how it goes, it's so uncomfortable for the parents that it always segues into
to Christmas conversation.
And I remember being super jealous because when I was a kid, I was in like my neighborhood,
I was the only divorced.
I was the only child of divorce.
All my other friends, their parents were married until they all went off to college.
And then all the parents divorced, which is super fucked up.
But I remember being super jealous at all their, all their, all my friends,
parents were still married.
And I remember even going so like deep into it.
That's like, man, all right, yeah, two Christmases, whatever.
But if I was Jewish, I would have gotten 16 Hanukkahs.
That would have been fucking crap.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's about the extent of my math humor.
But I just keep going because every Jewish kid I've ever talked to,
the first thing they lead with is like, don't, that's not eight Christmases.
It's like, it's like eight shitty half stockings.
It's like, it's like a go-bot if you're lucky.
It's like, it's like eight, it's eight presents from the aunt that clearly does not know you is what it is.
Yeah.
It's like, like vampire teeth.
It's great.
I guess, I guess our people are chosen.
I don't know if this is the day we're supposed to prove that, but I feel great.
I'm off to school where the last three months have been dedicated to our Lord and Savior.
In the form of just fucking lavish, like blinking lights.
It's like, Christ was born.
Everyone, here's $20.
Here's a candy cane for breakfast.
I'm doing 80 stand-up.
I'm doing John Stewart's act.
All of the stereotypes are being broken tonight.
All of them.
All right.
So you made this documentary.
It's called, it's called, what, now it is, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's.
I want to say this too shall pass because it's the Buddhist thing, but it's not that.
No, it's all things must pass.
All things must pass.
Yes.
And there's significance to that that I won't spoil.
Although I will say this documentary, this will sound like a lack of endorsement,
but really it's the remarkable thing about this documentary.
There are no twists in this story.
No, you know how all the stores close.
Yeah.
Literally all the, all the, all the things that.
And you know why?
I mean, they could guess why.
And, and, okay, this is a place that, that started right when, you know, I mean, they,
they, they started selling records and then 1963 happens.
The Beach Boys become a thing.
The Beatles become a thing.
The, the single culture goes to an album culture and this place explodes.
Yeah.
But, but yeah, I know that wasn't a question.
No.
The, and they also can guess that then guess, guess what, guess why it all ends, but it's,
that doesn't make it at all an interesting to like trace every step of this.
Well, no, I mean, and that is actually sort of the first, that was the thing that interested
me to, to start making it is I found out that this guy Russ Solomon who founded Tower Records,
he started selling used 78s from his father's drug store in 1939, 41.
It's the, the, he's a little bit hazy with those dates, but that's how he started selling
records.
And then by the time that Tower Records closed its doors, he had 192 stores around the world.
And so that little like factoid got me super supremely interested in just the overall arc
and I got lost in the most mundane minutiae of Tower Records and all of the little fascinating
things from a historical perspective that I, that I find to be really interesting.
The fact that, you know, he opens up the first Tower, the true Tower Records in 1960.
He spends eight years kind of perfecting it, opening three stores in Sacramento and then
on basically he goes into San Francisco to go sleep with some woman who works at his
barbershop.
Oh yeah, that story is so interesting.
The story is incredible.
It's incredible.
And he totally glides over in the documentary, the fact that he's married with a kid.
He doesn't mention that like at all, even though we have footage of him with his son
talking about how his wife was the bookkeeper at the pharmacy.
But anyway.
I thought that was such a charming story.
It is a charming story though.
It is a charming story.
He goes to San Francisco, has this great night with this lady and then wakes up super hung
over and finds this location in San Francisco and decides he wants to open up a Tower Records.
He opens up in March of 68 right before San Francisco is invaded by hundreds of thousands
of dirty hippies from all over the world.
And that ends up being the summer love and it becomes the most popular store in all of San Francisco.
Right.
And so I found all of these little things like that supremely fascinating.
And I think a lot of people who kind of know some of the history of that can like go into
it thinking, oh, it's just going to be a documentary of dates and places in historical context and
all that stuff.
And oh, we miss vinyl.
But really what the story is is about Russ and this group of, you know, people that worked
at Tower that ended up working at this place for 30 plus years and really became like a
family as cheesy as that may sound.
They became a family and worked together and had a fucking blast going around the world
working in the music business.
And they get married, they get divorced, they have children, they have so much fun.
And then at the end of it, they all have to fire each other.
Yeah.
That's crazy.
It reminded me of like a documentary about Ireland.
It was like that whole horrible like the Michael Collins era because it turns into...
They had to do more than fire each other.
Yeah.
But I mean, it ends up becoming this other journey that I don't think many people think
of.
You know, we were talking about this earlier.
You know, I think for a large group of people relatively our age, I'm looking...
Yeah, I think we're all cool.
I think for people relatively our age, you know, if they were even just a sort of like
casual music fan, they would just think of Tower as the place that was everywhere and
sold overpriced CDs.
Right.
Yeah.
You mentioned that backstage because that is part of the story is that all of a sudden
Best Buy Target, everybody starts being able to sell CDs for $10 a CD, which is how much
it costs to buy them and put them out on the shelf.
And they're just like, we don't give a shit.
If you buy your Britney Spears here, you'll buy more milk.
And then the Tower Records across the street is like, we have to sell these for $20 or
we're going to go out of business.
And it's hard to even for me to wrap my head around and I'm sure therefore for these little
little, little profligate fucks.
I was going to say whippersnappers, but that works too.
Is that before the internet, which I can barely remember now.
And it was like, imagine you mentioned the hate Ashbury movement.
So imagine like there's no internet, the newspaper is filled with lies.
There is no, you know, short of smoke signals or like, you know, just hanging out in a drum
circle or something.
There's, there's not really a kind of, there's not really a hotbed of like kind of counter
cultural or even just straight cultural like, like, like check-in points and to have these
giant, these giant record stores keep going up.
And that's why they ended up being 192 of them is because everywhere that they were, they
were never in, they were never in our Wisconsin.
They would never, they never, they made it to, they had like 35 of them in Japan before
they had one in New York, but they never, and some, it almost has to do, it almost seems
to have to do with that kind of cosmopolitan need at that time, because the same technology
that ended up killing records in general would also supplant the need for, I don't know,
the equivalent of barn raising among, among people who want to care about something other
than what Nixon is telling them or something.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, totally.
I mean, like, it was really, I found to be super best.
I resent that sound.
I just, you know, I think that.
Guys, Nixon was a bad dude.
I think we've established that.
It's almost famous for it.
When you come in, we've got serious issues.
No, like, the thing that I want to, I mean, there are a lot of things that I love about
the overall story with Tower, but the thing that I found to be most insightful and also
really inspiring was the fact that, you know, sure, it ended when there were 192 stores,
and there are a lot of reasons why Tower ended.
It's not just the, you know, Aaron Sorkin's simple answer of like, oh, Napster killed it.
You know what I mean?
It's not that at all.
And we spend a large portion of the film actually really discussing what it was that actually
killed Tower.
Which I found fascinating not to interrupt you, but that is.
Yeah, I mean, well, because that's the thing that I find really interesting because I always
just assumed like everyone else like, oh, the internet came and it just changed everything.
And no one could control it at all.
However, as we all know, Apple, which made computers and phones, decided to become the
music industry.
Yeah.
They made that decision and Tower at the time had a website and it's revealed at one point
at that exact moment.
Yeah.
Their website was on AOL.
And it was like this little like Rinky Dink website.
And it was just like, they could only be so progressive for so long.
Exactly.
You know, you can go, you can go from LPs to CDs, but you can't then also be have, you
can't keep juggling those chainsaws.
So, and there's so much new technology that ends up sort of coming up.
And Tower was one of these places where they really prided themselves on trying.
It was not a company that was run from the top down.
It wasn't some, it wasn't Russ Solomon saying, here is how you do this stuff.
Go make me rich.
It was, here's the keys to the store.
Stock what you want.
Stock what you think people are going to like.
Hide the coke when the cops come by.
Yeah, decorate it however you want.
Just don't show up drunk or high.
And if you do, then go home and don't fuck me over.
And that was how the company ran.
And it worked for 30 years.
Yeah.
And it was, yeah, it's like a sort of model of the, the, the, the souls in that movie
who more than one of them does that awesome documentary thing, which is what I go to
documentaries for where they, they, they're talking about something that seems innocuous
and then their throat catches because they've been there.
Those souls are, they, they, they're couching it as a cautionary tale.
Oh, we put ourselves out of business by not seeing MP3 coming or something like that.
The, but the real story is that it was a, it was an actual successful demonstration
of really non-corporate.
Yeah.
Anarchic.
A small business turned to take into a global level.
Yeah.
With God knows how many employees, including their newsletter and all this stuff.
It was like they never, they had one accountant practically the entire time.
Yeah.
And they didn't need to, there is no, there's no necessary need to all of a sudden like
take your stock public and start being beholden to a bunch of things and, and mutual funds
and get company booby-doo.
It was like, it was like, it was just a bunch of people that couldn't get jobs anywhere else.
And they liked selling records.
And, and they kept growing and growing and growing that way.
And they just kept, they just kept going.
And they would go to, they would just constantly always be in that right place at the right
time.
And as much as they would have the big stores in the, you know, like Los Angeles, San Francisco,
eventually New York.
And then you'd get into the Chicago's, the New Orleans and stuff like that.
They would also have small stores in Stockton and sort of those off the beat sort of, you
know, off the beaten path type places where not a lot was going on culturally or, you
know, the places where, you know, the bigger bands would not stop to play.
Do you know what I mean?
And so they had, they really had a mentality, which was we want to be that place wherever
we are, where it doesn't matter what you look like.
It doesn't matter what you're into.
You can come in, you can hang out, and it doesn't even matter if you have money.
We will not bother you unless you want to be bothered, unless you piss us off.
And you can hang out for as long as you want.
And if you don't leave with, you know, a record, that's fine.
You know, maybe you'll come back and then the next time you'll buy something.
And then maybe when you buy something, maybe you'll be open to hearing some of our suggestions
and then you'll leave with, you know, 14 different records.
Yeah, one thing I thought was interesting about that, by the way, was that I never
knew was the album culture plus the CD culture became, you can't be experimental
about your music consuming anymore.
Yeah.
When you could just pay $3 for a piece of, you know, black plastic that was like,
it was like you could, you were more incentivized to kind of leave there with a big box full
of stuff.
Totally.
Because when you go to the library, it might have been like shit you might never listen
to, but then you do listen to it and you're like, now I'm into Aretha Franklin or something.
And then that turns into holy shit.
I only have so much allowance and Britney Spears doesn't have any singles out on CD.
Well, and that ended up being the most fascinating nugget.
When I asked Russ, I said, if you had to like blame everything on something else besides
what, what you did, I said, what would be, you know, what would it be?
Napster, would it be, you know, poor management?
Like, what, what would it be?
And he actually said the biggest, the, the, in his opinion, the biggest mistake was they
stopped selling singles.
Now, if you think about this, and I don't want to get too boring here, but, you know,
do you, anyone here remember buying cassette singles?
Yes.
Okay.
Right.
That's how you started your addiction to buying music.
Whether you know it or not, that's how it started.
Just that small little hit first and then next thing you know, you're going into that
store and you're buying maybe more singles or maybe you're buying the full albums that
you know, eventually at some point it's the full cassette, full CDs, whatever.
Once they stopped selling singles, they lost an entire generation of kids.
And I know this because I'm that age.
I was that age.
I remember when they stopped selling CDs.
But you weren't choosing between going to Tower Records and downloading an MP3.
No, but here's the thing.
I remember when they stopped selling singles, but at that point I was like, I love music
so much.
I'll buy CDs.
I'll still do it.
You just couldn't buy as many.
I just couldn't buy as many, but I'll still do it.
And you had to be very careful about your choices.
Exactly.
So you're going to flatten out.
But you're going to lose an entire generation of kids even going into a store.
And once you do that, you lose an entire generation of future customers.
That generation of kids all were in college when Napster was released.
Yeah.
They had no loyalty to anything.
They had no loyalty anyways.
And I think they're being too hard on themselves.
Honestly, I don't think if they had sold singles, I don't think they could have competed with
Napster.
But it's easier to compete, you know, a small single that costs, I don't know, maybe a
buck, two bucks, that's easier to compete with than completely free.
Logically, technically, it's there.
I also think that, obviously, without the actual, like, I cannot put on pants, they would
have had to have a Netflix visionary idea in addition to already having a visionary
idea of being Tower Records.
I feel like it's a beautiful bell curve, this beautiful trajectory of like, you know, all
things have to come to an end.
I mean, like, you don't want this thing to become Disney or anything.
It's this beautiful bell curve that lasts an entire generation and traces the evolution
of music.
And it is a bummer.
And in the end, the sad, it's like, well, this is how it ends.
It never ends really great.
It's not like a sort of like green, like euthanasia chamber.
It's like the jaws of capitalism and the loans being defaulted and the people being brought
in and having to fire each other and all that stuff.
But let's bring things to a positive note because, oh, but there is one more reason to
watch this movie if you get a chance to see it.
It's out on Friday.
I should mention.
Yeah.
Because I'm realizing we're talking about a movie that we've seen.
None of you have seen this.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
It's coming out.
So you can't see it on Friday.
No.
This podcast is big business.
You'll be playing at the Arclight in L.A. in the Villagey Cinema.
There's a guy in the movie.
You have to watch it alone for the most amazing mustache I've ever seen.
Yes.
Mark Vidditsich.
Mark Vidditsich, yeah.
In normal time, because they're all like old and talking about the memories of it, he's
got a regular Sam Elliott, nothing regular about a Sam Elliott mustache, but he's like,
it's special.
Okay, it's big.
It's a brush, whatever.
But then you see him in photographs and it's like, I've never seen a mustache like this.
It looks to me, if you just told somebody, yeah, somebody took a duct tape with strip
of hair and put it right over his mouth like a hostage.
Yeah.
That's what his mustache looks like.
It just doesn't look, it looks like something happened, like something flew across a room
and splattered.
I'm so glad that you've picked up on Vidditsich's mustache because we've taken this movie out
to a bunch of different film festivals and we always get, you know, you get super nervous
like, it's funny.
I've sat through horrible, shitty things that I've acted in and been totally fine.
Like no problem.
I don't care how like it plays, it's just sort of like, ah, whatever.
But when it's your movie that you've like fucking like put everything into all of a sudden,
every noise that you hear while the movie is screening is of the utmost importance.
And we have these like little moments in the film where I can tell if an audience is with
us or if they're just not.
And luckily that mustache is the fucking, like that's the dividing line.
It really looks like, you know what it looks exactly like to me?
This mustache in the photographs, being from the Midwest, like the Euro restaurants there
are, I miss them because it's like, they had the rotisserie and you just carve off the
big greasy strips of jagged lamb meat.
Just giant long ruler length strips of serrated edge lamb meat and just lamb and a pita and
like, if I don't ask for anything else, just do that and I'm just angry at myself.
Just that.
It looks like a piece of Euro meat, like was on a ceiling fan after a party and he came
in and was like, hey guys, I have a good idea about a record industry, and I just went and
just like went over his lips though, like centered on his lips.
That's the weird thing about his mustache is it looks like he's like a weird part of
a weird freedom of speech like demonstration.
But what's, but you got to understand that we specifically cut it this way because we
have this old photo of him and you see this old photo and it's basically you just hear
his voice saying like, oh, well, I, you know, I basically described me the first time he
walked into Tower Records and got a job and we see have this old black and white photo
and everyone starts chuckling at the mustache like everywhere.
Like I've heard people go like, oh wow, it's an audible thing, like not just a gas but
like words as well, like, oh Jesus, not as detailed as lamb off of a fucking Euro placed
on a pedo with hummus and the whole thing, but close to it.
And then the next shot is him today, and he still has the fucking mustache and then people
lose their shit.
They go, he still has it.
Oh my God.
Well, he kind of refined it though, because back then it was like, oh, someone ran over
a centipede in like, I don't know why it ended up on your mouth, like why on the center
of your lips?
Like he clearly like, he clearly sensed those days had children or wives that said like,
you got to clear out an area, it's a way I recognize people is two dots and a slit.
Steven Spielberg definition, like they just hit the gray alien triangulation, two dots
and a slit or it's not a person.
And you got two dots and a fucking like just Euro.
Yeah.
Anyways, all right.
So you'll see, you'll see, and when you go, please promise me when you see that photo,
go, oh, when you see the black and white photo, and then when you see that live, if someone
could just go, oh shit, just for my own personal, I would love it if someone did that.
Truly worth the price of admission, honestly, to see the mustache, like you'll love it.
See, I'm going to bring out, I'd like you to stay up here because we haven't talked
about Fargo.
I know you also, you have this diversion of, now that we've fed your PR furnace, I haven't
seen Fargo, but I'd love to hear about it.
But before we do, I'd like you to meet my neighbors.
So plump.
I'm going to sit over here, right?
No, no, yeah, okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah,
show style.
Okay, cool.
That's great.
Thank you, Colin.
That's very classy of you.
All right, there you go.
By the way, no relation.
None.
No.
Okay.
Shit.
I thought I'd get a bigger laugh, I guess.
Sometimes your voice, it's like, wow.
No, I don't.
We're talking about Michael Keaton, right?
Yeah, yeah.
All right, cool.
The, now I feel bad of his, I'm sorry, it was like, he said it.
My next two guests, if you're a hardcore Armenian, you know-
Is that what they're called now, Armenians?
Yeah, well, because it's LA-based, so we want to respect the Armenian culture here.
Yeah, of course.
And, you know, you've met my neighbors before, I called Beth, the tumor lady, I had a conversation
with her and found out she had survived a golf ball size tumor and that she was fine
now and I'm endlessly fascinated with this shit because I'm morbidly terrified and she
and her husband came up and her husband didn't say a word even though he's got interesting
things about him.
But tonight is not the night for them to have interesting things.
It is a night for me to plumb the depths of their, to me, completely baffling obsession
with four trees in their backyard.
So we're just going to talk about it, we're neighbors, they've been texting me, Beth has
been texting me for a long time about her trees and she's going to come out and we're
going to talk about her fucking trees.
Please welcome Beth Bootson and Dan Bootson.
All right, so one day, one day, Dan, we will have on the show just to talk about the really
interesting thing of like, you know, there's no LA heritage, there's no such thing except
Dan's dad was this guy named Gypsy Boots who you can look up on Wikipedia, he was like
the founding father of the health craze, like the idea of health food, the idea of like
yoga and all this stuff, like being hip, being like married to the people that we think
are cool.
There was this guy Gypsy Boots running around and that's Dan's dad who now lives next door
to me, which I think is like, you know, those stories don't happen in New York, you don't
live next to the guy that, you know, you probably live next to a fisherman or a plumber.
It's New York, they do stuff there.
Here in LA, you might, you live next to like, who knows, it's like, oh, my dad was a famous
hippie.
All right, I didn't sell that very well.
Guys, they fish and plum in New York, they don't do that here.
Continue.
All right, so Beth, all right, so it's been, it's been a long time, we've been exchanging
text about your trees.
All right, so where do you want to start?
Because among the things, I would say, I was suggesting that we just read our texts.
Yes, so let's just start from the beginning.
Do you want to just start by doing the dialogue or the texts?
Maybe so.
Okay, that's good.
It's like the love letters play?
Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's like love letters.
The, I guess there's a little bit of preamble where we just say like, well...
Well, let me just tell you this.
In our house, outside in the back, we have a little courtyard and we have the most beautiful,
or we had the most beautiful seven, it looks like seven-story, 100-year-old eucalyptus
trees.
And these things provided a wall of privacy from our neighbor and they had a beautiful
canopy where we hung Moroccan lanterns from and we would have great barbecues out there,
which you came to our house for a wine.
Yeah.
Once.
Did you have lamb?
And then I came on my show and said, I met this tumor lady.
No lamb.
But I swear to God, this is more about me.
This is about me, not about you.
I never noticed or cared about the trees.
That's true.
Apparently they existed.
Apparently they're gone.
Yeah.
So that's my context of this, like, well, first of all, I mean, so if it starts with,
you're calling me and I was a little, like, I was at Beth Boots and I'm like, oh, it's
my neighbor and I'm not picking up the phone.
And he was always in the middle of something.
Then voicemails and saying, like, Dan, you were inexplicably kind of cryptic about it.
Like, Dan, I have to talk to you about something.
I have something important to tell you.
Yeah.
I was like, I don't know why you'd bury that lead, but you're going to tell, and then you're
sending me texts and saying, like, did you get my voicemail?
I got to talk to you about something.
And I keep, I'm in the middle of, you know, as it turns out, a divorce, but it's like,
and I got a studio, I'm trying to keep above water and I'm like, ah, it's neighbors, okay.
But I always am thinking in the back of my head, I'm like, oh, shit, like, there must
be something like, maybe my sewage is coming up into their sink or something, could it be?
And so I'm walking and then I see Dan, he's walking his dogs and your dogs, yes.
So I was walking and I had to, of course, introduce myself again every time we meet.
I had face blindness.
Fine.
I have to.
We walked him out with earphones.
Earphones.
Did you walk anybody?
I was going on my chiropractor and I was listening to my podcast.
And I said, I said, Dan, you know, my, my wife's been trying to reach you and said, yes,
I know.
Oh my God.
Oh God, what happened?
What happened?
Did the tumor come back?
And I said, ah, right, is it a tumor?
Well, really, it's going to be, it's very upsetting.
I said, it's the eucalyptus trees are rotten and they're going to have to be removed.
And the first thing Dan said was, are they on my property?
I mean, could, yeah, had I been a little quicker, I, of course, would have said, why
yes.
They are.
You could have tricked me into paying for the operation, $25,000.
Because I know, yeah, I was like, well, so, so then, well, then I said, well, no, no,
they're ours, but they're, it's really sad and they're going to have to take them all
out and dance.
Well, they're just trees.
But that's, that's, I want, I don't want you to gloss over what I consider the moral
of this story.
They're just trees.
To me, to me, that's, to me, I want, I just want that to always be in the background.
There's beautiful trees, beautiful trees.
They're just, they're just trees.
And I, so I keep being, so, so, so, just, just, just all those voicemails and then the conversation
with Dan, and I'm like, oh fuck, Jesus Christ, it was actually a little file in the back
of my head, not that I did anything about it, but I was like, oh God, there's a crisis.
I'm being, I'm being a bad neighbor.
And I'm like, fucking trees, what, okay.
I was actually charmed because it seemed like your concerns that you were going to wake
me up with like chainsaws and things.
So, so, and I'm like, oh God, tell her not to, no, no, I don't care, I don't.
And by the way, I sent this, this letter out to all the neighbors on that app, next door,
app, because I didn't want anybody being furious with me when all these old 100 year old trees
are, oh, oh, oh, oh, you gotta eat the, eat them like, I didn't want people being furious
with me cutting these 100 year old trees down, four of them.
And they were the, like, if you drive down the block, you just, you could see them from
far, far away.
I want to say, I want to say, Dan, everyone, everyone else, everyone else is upset, all
right.
So, okay.
Well, you know, their medals are all in the mail.
You were the exception to the rule.
This is, this is what it is.
I know it's about me.
I'm like, I just don't, I feel like I'm living in a twilight zone because I'm like, I don't
understand what's happening.
So, so, so September 21st, 442 p.m.
Now do you want to, it occurs to me, do you want to read your part or should I read your
part?
Whatever you want to read.
Oh, you read your part.
Yeah.
You read my part.
Yeah, I'll read your part.
And you read my part.
Okay.
It is with, and you just said, like you said this to everybody, but I don't know, I think
I'm just getting this as a, oh by the way, oh God, there's another, there's another
important point that I don't know to bring up now or later, that Erin McGathy is on
all of these.
It's just, this is a message to me and my wife who, who were struggling to keep our
marriage together.
And Beth, Aaron is, Aaron is, is she included in it?
Yes.
I thought they were still married.
No, no.
Well, yes, you can.
There's only one line at the end.
Aaron, Aaron, Aaron nails it at the end.
Can I read that part, please?
Yes.
Or hand it over.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm so glad.
Oh, I know.
I'll hand it over.
But I do want you guys to be prepared for the fact that when I say at the end, I mean
like at the end of roots, the miniseries, like the whole point is that this is to me
and here's the thing is I knew Aaron would be, I knew Aaron would be interested in this.
You were so wrong.
I knew you might not, but I knew Aaron would.
Okay.
So I absolutely had to send it to her.
I wish she was here right now.
I thought you guys were still married.
Oh, she's still here right now.
I will channel her and his one line at the very end.
Very good.
We're going to need you.
All right.
So here we go.
Here's the, I mean.
Beth.
It is with much sadness that I write this, but our four 100 year old Eucalyptus trees
will have to be removed.
This is after so many voice messages and conversations about it.
It was like, this is news to nobody.
It never was.
It's been confirmed by a well respected arborist.
That although the trees look healthy and are, believe me, but I end up being the bad guy.
So it's okay to laugh because she's beautiful.
She's caring about trees.
Like I ended up being the villain or I wouldn't be taking you through this.
It's been confirmed by a well respected arborist that although the trees look healthy and
are thriving on the outside, that they are full of decay in the trunk and roots and are
not expected to withstand a winter of rain and winds, the tree trimmers will begin their
tree cutting at seven a.m. on Tuesday.
New paragraph.
Trees are located at the end of the cul-de-sac on address withheld for stalker purposes,
but everybody knows where I live.
Your neighbors, the Bootsons.
And then Dan Harmon wrote back and he goes, sad to hear about these majestic trees, but
I do feel you and your family will enjoy a fresh, unobstructed view of my trademark nude
sunbathing.
Something to talk about to all the other neighbors.
If I can get a picture, think of all the money I can make.
Make sure you are in a good area and expose all so I can make a lot of money.
And then the weird thing is you left an emoticon.
The emoticon is a yellow face going.
But it's like, wait, that should be my emoticon.
So, okay, so then it's a day later, I think, September 24th, maybe three days later.
A photo of our strong, healthy-looking trees that our arborist said would never survive
El Nio.
And there's this thing that's like, she keeps sending these pictures.
It's the same picture.
Well, Dan is going to show, we actually brought.
Yeah, well, right.
It was completely soft inside.
Okay, so I am in the minority.
And on the outside, it was so green and thriving.
I mean, just, it was so lush.
Who's life didn't we save?
It's a hollow tree.
That would come down on your house.
And my house.
But she keeps sending.
It smells.
You can live, this has always been my favorite flavored tree.
Can you see the scroll of the pictures?
Because she just keeps sending the same picture.
You know why?
I did that because I wasn't trying to make a point.
I did that because I was in a place where the message wouldn't go through.
So I was like, what's up?
So I kept sending it.
And then after that picture, like nine times, there's a picture of a human hand
and I guess what is a tree trunk.
And then there's like a close-up of just looks like Afghanistan.
I don't know what that is.
And then there's just pictures of trees, normal healthy looking trees,
which I don't know.
I was like, wait, are we past that part of the story?
There's like all total, there's 7,000 pictures.
And they keep coming in over and over again.
So then after all of that,
so then you say those photos did not go in the right order.
Plus it wouldn't send the photo of the stump with the lovely hole in it.
Yes it did.
Nine hundred times.
So I kept trying to send it.
That's why you have a hundred of the same photos.
So you knew.
That's also what happens when your battery is at 2%.
I don't know.
You should see the view we have from our window now.
It makes me want to cry.
Oh, here's a line from Aaron.
Oh.
That was nice.
I know you're doing that because you want it to be over,
but I actually was mistaken.
Aaron's big line comes later.
Oh no.
No, it's becoming Othello.
So then Beth in response to Aaron's awe says,
is that the best you can do?
I thought I was talking to you.
Oh, that's right.
In her phone she can't tell when Aaron's talking when I'm talking.
Also she's kidding.
But how about an apology?
And then Aaron says,
oh, sorry.
I thought I was talking to you the whole time.
Then Beth sends an emoticon of a yellow person drying their eyes
with a handkerchief.
Then sends the same fucking circle.
Is your battery at 4% now?
So then, and then it says,
hey, good news, we can wave to each other whenever we see each other now,
which will be every five minutes.
We'll look up to your window and you look down at ours.
Exciting. The rainbow.
Completely becoming conscious of the fact that I haven't responded to you in a while.
Having learned to make animated GIFs,
I send my standard GIF of me lowering my glasses to my nose
and I just put the meme caption.
And I call an unhealthy eucalyptus tree.
Because I don't know what to do anymore.
I don't know what to do.
And then Beth says, more drawn curtains now.
And then LOL.
And then later says, still laughing out loud.
Then you send a photo.
There's something written on a board.
More photos.
There's a photo of the guys who were cutting down the tree.
Another of the same photo of the arm in the stump.
Then there's a new photo of a tree stump
and this one has a pencil jammed into it.
And ask to show how soft the core is.
You have to post all of this.
They were all like that.
Then again, same photo as far as I'm concerned.
So then you said, I want you to notice the photo with the pencil in it.
That's all soft center that can be pushed in with just a finger.
All of the trees, although hard on the top,
have been rotten in the lower trunk.
Does that other eucalyptus tree belong to you?
He's got one on his property.
I'm sure it's fine, but some of the neighbors are starting to inquire
about the other eucalyptus trees.
I can give you the number to our arborist.
She might very well give your tree an A plus.
But I don't think that's what you're thinking.
We had mushrooms growing on the bottom of one of our trees.
We also had holes in our tree that she could put a stick into
to see how deeply that stick would go in.
That indicated decay inside.
If nothing else, it might give you peace of mind.
It'll give all the neighbors peace of mind too.
And then Dan Harmon wrote back,
I don't want to high road you,
but my peace of mind is a lot fucking harder to come by than that, Bootson.
By the way, going through a divorce like this whole time,
like so angry and drunk the whole time.
We never sober when I'm texting you.
And Beth goes, okay, what can I do to help?
I have a feeling that you will never have peace of mind.
I think you're doing fine.
I guess part of what gives me struggle is the quest for independence
in a world defined by loneliness.
In a lot of ways, I guess I'm like a giant eucalyptus tree
rotting from the inside.
They love it, they love it.
Aw!
You identify.
Is that why you wanted to hold on to your eucalyptus tree?
Well, I don't.
Besides, that tree didn't get hit with a belt by its parents.
And it never was able to do anything other than what it's doing.
Yes, but it did get hit with some huge storms in its past.
As humans, we are told, unlike trees, that we are in charge of what becomes of us,
their storms are our fault.
That tree got to sit there for 100 years while people got on and off the bus in LA,
expecting things and having things expected of them.
In a weird waybath, that tree can totally suck my human dick.
I'm so glad I don't have my neighbor's cell phone number.
Besides, I got hit with a belt by my dad, but I remember all the great stuff he did for me too.
He did his best and he could be quite loving.
I think it got more than it deserved, and I hope it burns in fucking tree health.
Are you okay?
Are you?
I'm doing well.
That's what you say, but what if I push a pencil through you?
How soft will you turn out to be?
That's the part they didn't apply.
I was like, oh my god, I've become a fucking maniac.
I know what this is about.
You're pissed because you don't have your privacy anymore.
Do you think that I made up this whole decaying tree thing just to stalk you?
I can see right through you, especially now that all the trees have gone.
Days later, I think days later, October 1st, from now on I'm going to yell up to your window and say, hi, Dan!
It's my way of saying, it's a beautiful day, don't you think?
Three days later, hi, Dan. My Dan and I were thinking of dropping by your podcast today to talk about the eucalyptus trees.
What do you think?
We can skip to...
You don't want to go through all the booking information?
Whatever you want.
No, no, it's fine.
Yeah, you're right.
You're right.
There's a lot of schedule.
We've got to work on a schedule.
So how does Wednesday work for you?
Wednesday's no good.
Yesterday, 8.41 a.m.
Hi, Dan. Are we still on tomorrow for your podcast?
Are you eucalyptus trees?
Beth.
She signed it!
In case I'm like, who's this?
The woman I threatened to push a pencil through.
And then Dan writes, yes, but we don't need to include Aaron in this conversation anymore.
We're divorcing.
I'm going to connect you to my assistant, Steve Levy, who books the show and makes sure the guests have all the right information.
Okay, and then...
His e-mail is blah, blah, blah. Can I give him yours?
Of course, mine is blah, blah, blah.
I thought you two were just living together.
I'm so sorry to hear about the divorce.
That's always a difficult thing to go through.
That's me, yeah.
That's you reading me, yeah, yeah.
You perceived right. We were just living together.
That's why it didn't make sense to stay married.
I'll give your e-mail to Steve and have him contact you tomorrow.
We'll only have...
Wait, hold on, hold on.
Is this next part Aaron's?
Yeah, and then Aaron comes in for the closer here.
Why?
Thank you, Beth. Truth be told, our marriage was fine until the eucalyptus trees came down.
Hold on, wait.
Wait.
Fucking wait.
Thank you, Beth. Truth be told, our marriage was fine until the eucalyptus trees came down because it turns out I was just in it for the shade.
Erin McGathy, ladies and gentlemen.
So you...
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, so in the green room, just to put a ribbon on this.
The audience is on your side.
They're reacting to the size of the tree or I don't know the amount of decay.
I still don't understand.
I never noticed them.
I live in a world of just dirty underwear and sadness.
But you know what I think?
I actually think that now that wall of eucalyptus trees is down and you've lost your privacy and you're looking down into our yard.
You don't have that wall of privacy anymore and there's big stumps of ugliness there now.
Yeah, neighbors shouldn't be separated.
I had eucalyptus trees around my heart.
But you might have never bought your house if there was no privacy there.
I don't know about that, honestly.
I looked in the backyard and I was like, oh, so green, there's a grill.
And the eucalyptus trees were there.
I think if I...
Yeah, maybe.
Because if I...
Yeah, okay.
We'll talk about that later.
Well anyway...
I feel like if I had realized how many steps there were, I wouldn't have bought the house.
So obviously I don't notice things that normal people notice.
Like the UPS guy's like, what the fuck, man?
Right, right.
And I'm like, oh shit, okay.
Well, I want to tell you that I sent out those same photos to all the neighborhood and people
at first were like us, very, very upset that these beautiful trees had to be cut down.
But then afterwards when they saw how much decay there was, they were shocked and then
they were asking about...
My tree.
Yeah.
These trees are 100 years old.
Right before we were going to cut the trees down, we've had the same tree trimmer for
many, many years now and I wouldn't have had...
I wouldn't have had anybody else trim them because he knows the trees.
And go ahead.
You know, and it's not that I'm a tree lover.
Shit is real, yo.
When you are a homeowner, this shit is important.
Right.
So don't fucking judge.
Or I will come in and I will hit you in the head with this fucking microphone.
Well, and here's the thing.
It's not that I'm a tree lover or tree hugger.
It's just that these were...
When I looked out my bedroom window, these trees were right there and our house is small
and these trees were a focal point.
So, and we've lived in that house for 20 years.
Now we're the small house in the shadow of Dan Harmon's palatial...
And these trees were probably about seven stories high and they were 100 years old
and now we look up at this...
I will...
I will build a statue to your trees.
And it will spray cranberry juice for the neighborhood's children.
Well, I just want to say that.
So you told me in the green room...
Oh, what were you going to say?
Yes.
Right before we cut the trees down.
Oh, boy.
Okay, here we go.
Yeah.
I was...
This was a very upsetting thing to me.
But right before we cut the trees down, I actually had a service or gave homage to these trees.
And...
And you said, can I please read the poem I read at the service?
And you're currently, for our listeners, you are as broken up as one of these Tower Records people.
And it's me talking about my divorce.
You're crying genuine tears.
Beth loves these trees.
And I'm a horrible, heartless maniac that cannot fucking...
I cannot see in these colors.
I do want to say that you identified with the trees.
Unwittingly.
Keep that in mind when I read this poem.
Yes.
Tonight's theme is about loss and, yes, uprooting and...
Okay.
My trees, blue gum eucalyptus, four of them, so tall, so majestic.
I've always been proud that those trees were mine, fighting through the harsh environment,
standing tall and proud for over a hundred years.
Those trees belong to me.
They provided shelter when the sun was beating down and when the winds would show no mercy.
Yet, it was after the storm that they were at their most fragrant.
It was like walking into a spa, especially after a big rain.
The life that existed in them, raccoons, possums, skunks.
The chatter of the squirrels that mocked my dog.
Why, even the hawks made their home there.
A nest built on the strong branches of my eucalyptus trees.
A nest holding three large babies and the parents.
And I got to see my hawks grow.
And I got to see my hawks fly.
And I got to see my hawks soar.
The cold winters, the hot summers, the powerful winds, nothing can break those trees.
And to think that those trees belong to me.
And to think that those trees, my trees, will now be gone.
But, with every end comes a new beginning.
With great love, Beth and Timor.
Someone just called out, give her your tree.
If that is possible, biologically or legally, it is your tree.
I don't know where it is on my property.
Is it the thing with the green stuff?
There's a million trees back there.
That was beautiful, Beth.
And I probably don't have to acknowledge this,
but rather want people to understand that I acknowledge how amazing you are
in your capacity to throw yourself against a horrible jagged, cold black wall.
And just respond at face value when I'm clearly just in an alcoholic spiral of self-loathing
with like, are you alright?
I will say she showed me the text and we went,
Are you drinking?
Yeah, I was not in a good place, but I will say I was a very funny place.
Well, I didn't know that you guys were getting divorced.
Well, no, I wouldn't play that card.
I knew she was in Ireland and I thought you were missing her.
I was, I was, I was, my cat started dying and then I punched a wall and then, yeah.
And then it's just, boy, had no idea the spiral that would happen.
But the tumor's okay.
They're just keeping a close eye on it, but yeah.
How often do you have to go back in, by the way?
Every four months.
Oh, wow.
And they thought they saw something growing there for a while,
but now they're saying it's not growing and everything looks good.
Cool.
Good.
Well, the Bootsons, everybody.
Oh, yeah.
The heroes of, of a, of a Las Feliz fiefdom dominated by the shadow of a,
of a tree-hating overlord.
Now, thanks guys.
We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll have you back soon.
I know you're just a marshmallow inside.
You could, you could push a pencil through me anytime, Beth.
Thank you, sir.
See you soon.
All right.
So Colin, what's Fargo about?
Is it about the city or?
It's about eucalyptus trees and death and, uh, no, uh, Fargo.
Um, do you need any more vodka, by the way?
I'm coming back to this microphone.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, you should do that.
The camera likes that better.
All right.
There we go.
Uh, yeah.
So Fargo, uh, the first season, uh, which was the season you,
you know, the second season starts on Monday.
And you all know I'm not in it, right?
That don't be upset about it.
It's going to be okay.
Don't worry.
You're going to get through it.
No, the second season is actually really great.
I've seen the first episode.
It's fantastic and all the people that they have in it are great.
It's cool.
So it's like, it's like, um, I don't know.
It's like if you wanted to do like the Marvel universe thing with the
Colin brothers, that's what it is.
I can't think of a, of a, of a worse idea on paper.
On paper.
I know.
I was like, I can't.
I mean, you know, it's really like that could have been some fuckin
horrible fan fiction dude.
It really could have been, but no holly for whatever reason.
That dude is on like another level.
You know, if Paul McCartney said there are seven levels,
he's on like the eighth or maybe the seventh.
Um, and he wrote that first season of Fargo, which was really great.
That was sort of had a brief connection to the movie,
but yet existed in its own right.
this next season was alluded to multiple times
in the first season.
And so Lou Solverson, who owned the cafe,
who Karateen played in the first season,
he is now played by Patrick Wilson,
and it shows his whole experience as a sheriff
in a completely different town.
And it's supposedly badass.
I've seen the first episode, it's great,
and I cannot wait for the second episode.
And I've been waiting fucking months
for the second episode.
I'm so upset that I have to wait for this one.
We have Noah on the show, he was a pilot brother.
When I was doing the pilot for community,
he was doing a pilot for,
I can't remember the name of it now,
it was like some like,
It was on ABC, like Generation?
It was called like The Unknowables,
or yeah, Generation, or something.
Something like that, yeah.
Other people or something.
Other people's exes.
Yeah, and I got together with him for a round of drinks,
and as we talked about, he's kind of hard to read,
but I don't know if having him on the show
will make me secure about myself,
but I think-
No, but you guys' verbal knowledge,
you guys will be able to communicate in a way,
I don't know if anyone else will understand it,
but the two of you will be able to respond.
Don't oversell it, I don't know,
he could just be like a eucalyptus tree, it's just-
Dead on the inside?
And by that, I mean fascinating, as it turns out.
Aren't all artists dead on the inside,
and yet fascinating?
I love when they brought the circular stump
that they had been sending me pictures of,
and everyone went, whoa!
And I was like, okay, I'm the monster.
You really should post-
I have just been looking at-
You really should post like screen grabs
of that conversation though,
because when she came out and she instantly went to her phone
and just started scrolling through this,
I had no idea what they were gonna do,
and I just here start scrolling through
a very long text conversation,
and I said, well this is gonna be very interesting,
because she's clearly not at all interested
in what's happening right now,
and is very interested in this text conversation.
That was brilliant, that was great.
Turned out great, yeah.
It had a beginning, a middle, and an end,
that's a fucking story.
Yeah, yeah.
Holy fucking shit.
You, everything you do is a fucking story.
Colin Hanks, I will take that as a good thing.
It is.
I don't know what it is.
I meant it as the utmost compliment.
Rap battle!
Woo!
Excuse me, I hope you'll stick around,
because I'd like to play Shadowrun with you,
but I got some business to attempt to.
Do I need to get all the other ones out?
Someone's coming to town talking shit.
An MC, MC Clarity, are you still, are you still down?
All right, come on up, MC Clarity, everybody.
Take the good mic.
How you doing?
All right.
So, maybe we'll get to know you
so that the battle can be higher stakes,
because, so like, are you from LA?
I'm actually like born in Connecticut,
but I was pretty much raised in the Inland Empire,
Fontana Rancho, so.
Yeah, there you go.
Woo!
Hello, other Caucasians.
Are the black guy, how you doing?
That's Auntie, though.
His dad's like a heart surgeon from Barbados.
He's a professor at Virginia Tech, right?
Yay, I did it.
My dad's a General Manager at a Denny's.
Come on, we're to the Riverside.
No, he's the best damn General Manager in the world,
like his entire, like, like restaurant.
My dad's my hero, shout out to John Joseph Barge, so.
We're both from the streets, there's no arguing there.
Yeah, pretty much, yeah.
The main streets of the suburbs.
Are you young enough to ask how old you are?
You seem kind of younger, maybe I shouldn't ask that.
If you say, yeah, well, how old are you?
Do you want to guess?
I don't know, black toe cracks, so I would just say,
I don't know, you're a kid, I don't know.
You seem like a kid, 20 something, 23, 25?
28, 28 years old.
Oh!
That's very young to me.
When did you, you're like, so can we call you an amateur MC?
I guess, I mean, I can just say, I'm just an artist,
you know, like I'm just trying to just live off of my art.
What is that lifestyle?
How does that work?
It's frustrating.
Because I just stand up when I was a kid.
It's not delivery, it's the struggle for sure.
Like, it's just, I'm very hungry all the time,
I'm frustrated, I can look at anything,
thank you, other guy right there,
your eviction notice too, for sure, yeah, I know, right?
That guy's going like this, right?
Just so you know, I mean, he's playing it off,
but the guy's like, oh no, no, he'll well off.
But this is frustrating, I'm always hungry
and stuff like that, I never have any gas.
I always try to find a story in something,
so if I see just like a kid crying about their ice cream,
I need to find a social political turmoil
about how America is just some one kid
crying about their ice cream.
I'm actually writing a song about foot fetishes.
So are you thinking in rhymes when you look at that kid?
Yeah, sometimes.
So you're like, cone, alone.
Yeah, exactly, you know, why?
America got boned, 900 number phone.
Yeah, pretty much.
Okay, but I won't keep bragging.
The, but I'm curious, that's very interesting.
Because I've talked to like,
I had dinner with Ben Folds once, humble brag,
and I, and what I find interesting about musicians
is that they, like I have like dialogue
in my head all the time, like it's,
I imagine myself, I don't want to flatter myself
or offend anybody who has a legitimate mental illness,
but I, when you hear about like voices in your head,
I always think like, there's got to be like
one drop of chemical difference in the brain
between like a writer who's good at dialogue
and like somebody who's setting themselves on fire
because they can't stop like the voices in their head.
Because I just like, I'm just used to it.
It's just like, I just always hear talking,
talking, talking, talking, talking.
And when people are talking to me,
I see their words in front of my face, blah, blah, blah.
I talked to Ben Folds and I'm like,
what the fuck are musicians?
How does that work?
And he said like, he can't, he has the same thing,
but it's melodies, which is so weird to me.
Cause to me, melodies are a thing you make up.
Like you go down to the ditch and you just like,
oh, I need a melody.
But that's how other people feel about writing.
And he feels that way.
He's like, I can't stop thinking of this melody.
I can't get it out of my head,
which I've heard from like Paul McCartney
and stuff like that in interviews.
You're saying that for...
In interviews, he said.
Interviews.
He said in interviews, you were so quick on the humble brag.
Thank you, Paul.
So quick on the trigger.
In interviews.
With the Macca.
With the Pow Macca.
As he's called in Brazil.
Colin Hanks is like, exhausted.
I mean, he's been promoting his documentary
probably all week and he has to come here
and like defend me from people.
He was very quick on the humble brag, yell.
I really thank you for doing that.
But no, the thing that you're talking about,
the thing you're talking about,
there's a very big difference between crazy and insane.
You can deal with a crazy artist
because they're constantly focused on whatever it is
that their brain needs to focus on,
whether it's words or melody, whatever.
They're crazy because they hear melodies all the time.
Whereas insane is just a fucking insane person.
Well, you're always connecting things.
But here's the thing, when I listen to like Eminem lyrics,
I'm like, this guy must have been born in a generation
where it's like, oh, because of hip hop culture
that came before him and because of maybe something
in his brain, like he's thinking phonetically
because he rhymes shit that I'm like,
that didn't rhyme until you made it rhyme.
Do you, do you think in rhymes?
Do you hear rhymes in your head or?
I definitely do.
I mean, how I usually kind of start like the process is,
every song I do is a story.
So the first thing I do is I just think about
what the story is gonna be about.
So I always have to make sure I have a beginning
and middle and the end.
And I always have to write out.
I always have to write out the story.
That's a callback.
Thank you.
You wanna tell story, you're saying,
so taking us back to the kid with the ice cream cone,
you're saying when you look at the kid with the ice cream
cone, you're like, I wanna do, I wanna rap about that.
Yeah, pretty much like if I see a kid like,
if he drops an ice cream, the first thing I think about was,
this kid must have had, like my story was,
he had a shitty day, no one wanted to like pick him
for kickball, his graham crackers were too soggy
and all this other shit.
And all he really fucking wanted was
is that chocolate chip icing from Thrifty.
He was so excited to go out to the store.
And then he tripped on somebody's like, fuck, you know what I'm
saying, my saving grace, and now I'm
gonna destroy my teddy bear because I
don't know what else to do.
That's pretty much how I'm gonna put my story,
because I feel like there's like a twisted bittersweet thing
and anyone's moral of the story of the day,
like you can have the greatest day possible,
but I feel like something about your day is a bittersweet.
So I always try to make sure I end every note of my song
in a bittersweet, lyrical, funny way.
So.
Like bittersweet would be an example would be like,
so he doesn't get any more ice cream, but like,
but he's going to lose weight.
Yeah, pretty much, yeah, like the moral of the story is he's
not going to be diabetic, you know what I'm saying?
So I mean.
Yeah, I guess it's diabetes will come a year later, later,
later, later.
And that's like the, and then it goes into some weird sketch
you with you and your friends in a car.
Yeah, it's like smoking a lot of marijuana, looking at the kid
who was like, oh, shit, your ice cream.
As we all have ice cream, we're like, aha, we have money,
we're adults, we have jobs, we just buy something else.
I can never figure out how I feel about those comedy sketches
that rappers do on their albums.
Like I'm like, on one hand, I don't want you to stop,
but on the other hand, you really need to take a workshop.
Or this is this is insane.
It all kind of depends.
It's one of those things to where it's just like everyone
wants to be something that like was like when you have like
movie stars who want to be singers like Jennifer Lopez,
Selena, she was like, fuck, I have a great voice.
And she was like, I'm going to go ahead and be a singer when
you have like actors or if you have like rappers or singers
who are like, you know what, I'm going to go into acting.
You can go when you're like, you know what,
really not that great of an actor,
but I'm going to still keep on doing it.
So it's kind of like the same thing with the skits, you know.
I don't have very funny skits.
I actually have a very, very corny skit with my girlfriend
in it, where this is about like going on a shopping spree
at a swap meet.
And it's so corny.
We're still proud of it till this day and stuff.
We feel like we're like comedic geniuses.
When people look at it, they're like, so this is a swap meet
skit. And I'm like, yeah, it's funny.
It's her birthday.
It's a $60 shopping spree.
She wanted a person with $5 over.
Go for it.
And that same reaction you guys have right now,
that's the exact same feeling I get from my mother, my dad,
all my friends.
You never know when you're going to hit the gold mine that
is a decaying eucalyptus tree.
Yeah, exactly.
Like you don't know what the people are
going to consider an important story.
All right, so when you battle mothers,
do you do it sitting?
Do you do, I got two beats from our man, Zach, in the booth.
There's a slower one and a faster one.
Do you want to sit?
Do you want to be congenial?
Do we need to move the seats out and do it in the center?
Do you want to face each other?
Have you battled ever before, really?
Yeah.
How does that work?
That was the thing I was trying to ask you when I said
about the lifestyle.
Like, how does that work?
When I was 17, I started, I was like,
I'm going to be a comedian.
So there was this whole thing going that was open mics.
It was like this weird, whoo, it was this whole culture.
But I was like, I have no, if I was supposed
to write a movie about, what the hell does that look like?
What do you do?
You go to a place?
Do you put your name in a hat?
And then they bring you up?
I mean, you can do open mics or something like that.
I know I just started writing.
I just started showing people.
And I just tried talking to the right people.
And I just started doing open mics or different gigs.
So I have a promoter that's saying, hey,
I'm doing something in Santa Ana.
Two songs set.
Just go in and do it.
And then you just hope for the best.
But these venues that are doing it publicly,
these are like showcases and stuff.
Are people like, is it like a honky tonk
where they're like boo you and throw beer bottles?
It depends.
I mean, I actually had an experience like that two weeks ago.
I was actually off Sunset Boulevard two weeks ago.
I was actually a couple of blocks away from here.
And I mean, I'm a very geeky rapper.
And so when I go in there, I'm just real confident.
Because I'm lyrically awesome.
But the whole, I mean, I have to go in there like fuck this shit.
I'm like hip hop Carlton.
But I'm really good at rapping.
My Tom Jones nigga, please.
But anyway, but I go in there.
I'm all super confident.
It is a whole bunch of gangsters.
I go in, I start rapping my stuff.
I'm trying to talk to the crowd.
And all these gangsters are just fucking quiet all day.
Because they're like, what's a go bot?
Yeah, exactly, right?
And they're like, who's Aquaman?
Because I mentioned Aquaman in one of my songs, right?
I got to talk about Batman and Robin actually
getting married and stuff like that.
And so they just weren't feeling that shit at all.
And so I was like, I don't know if they're going to boo me
or shoot me in the face.
And so it really sucks, Bobby.
This is one of those things where you have to keep going.
If you believe in a dream, you just
got to keep going and just do whatever it takes.
Well, I'm sorry to destroy your dream tonight.
Oh, wow.
We got to stand up now.
But you know what?
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
All right.
Well, should we start with the slow one?
Let's see if.
You want me to start with the slow one?
Yeah.
OK.
This is the slow one.
Go for it.
This is what you're going to teach me.
So yo, yo, is this a slow one?
That's very fast by my account.
They're saying one second.
OK, get ready to die.
They need a second before they drop the beat.
Hey, guys, straight up, real hip hop.
I've been told you have to say that before you do one of those things.
I'm clearing my head, by the way.
I know, I know, I'm sure you've, I'm sure you're coming in with a big sack full of pre-written
rhymes.
No, not at all.
Like, I'm pretty much just a winger.
I am promising you, the only thing I'm thinking about is don't rhyme mouth with south.
We're ready to go?
Here we go.
Real hip hop.
Clear in the head, yo.
Yo, it's about that time, about time for hip hop, about quarter to that time.
Now it's getting to be the time.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo,
the east west ceiling and floor.
I fucked your mama and she asked for more, just starting with that.
It's like a warm-up.
Okay, just give me a second.
Get ready to die.
All right, here we go, yo.
Big workshops, big workshops, big workshops, kitchen, living room, sink.
So she started to stink and said take a towel take a shower go away
She went home and came back the next day. I said
Why are you here again? She said I've never been fucked so hard since 1910 because you know your mama is a hundred and three
And that's not old enough for me because I like a wrinkle pussy
So I like your mom, but right about now
I'm gonna get a pom-pom and give it to your mama so she can cheer lead to the team that is my dick
Which are my balls
I
You said you fucked my mom, I'm not complaining all that means is I'm officially Caucasian
I'm not complaining. Why are you talking so much shit for my Christmas?
I want a ps4. You my new daddy. Yes, and I want to do catty. You have a arm and chair
I need that the custody the alimony is gonna go ahead and fuck you up pretty bad
But that's okay. Don't be sad. All I want to do is say you're a real rat. Oh my friend said
I love you Rick and Morty. Yes, I'm lightly sparring that you think I'm really serious with this shit real sorry
And victory is already expected. I don't know what I'm trying to say
My head is just
I had too much body of my system
Hey
I really like the fact that you had this kind of one on the table. You're not offering to nobody
Yes, can I have a shot though? Please this poor be a cup. Maybe all the way though
I'm gonna chug it down. I'm real fucked up. I'm real drunk crazy love because my girl is right in the front
I see her right there. She has a big dairy air not like this guy right here
You can't even stare you can't even see it. It's too flat like the rhymes that he just said
I can't even think about receding on this battle. Yes, I'm gonna have you reeling. I'm too sick like HIV
I just go so wrong and you fuck my mom. Good job. Get an STD. Yes
Yeah, mom, don't be bad at me. Hopefully I'll say you with Thanksgiving
Don't put the poison in my drink or my stuff thing on my chicken my birthday. I can say it's coming
Don't be bad at me. I'm just trying to be famous. Thanks for promoting. Thanks for everyone for listening
I'm pretty sure we can go ahead and do a second round. I don't know about the go down like my testicles when I'm growing up
In middle school. I'm so cool. I feel must stop right here. I keep on rambling business STD. I'm sorry
All right
All right round two, all right, we're warmed up. We're warmed up. I need more cattle one. Hold on
I'm not gonna say I understood everything. That's okay. Me neither me neither. Oh, I don't understand it
Hi, I have to make a conscious decision
Do that style where you just rhyme for a while
But you rhyme the time with it you rhyme the words instead of the on the beat
You don't rhyme with the feet. You like you do you just rhyme. It's just kind of sporadically
As soon as you hear a word you just start rhyming it
I'm like, I don't think I don't think I'm always like to go without a beat. It's actually pretty funny
Kind of make
I'll give your dad a job because he's a jerk and then I lick his ass and I'll suck his dick because your dad's looking a little sick
I think he might have leukemia. I'll give him some treatment
She said
She's like me
I'm like, that's not English. She's like, fuck me again
So I fucked your mama again, and then I left the house about a quarter to ten
I got the mail went to work and then I came back and I caught your uncle in her crack
I said, Uncle Bob, what are you doing? He said, I'm just looking for postage glue and I'm gonna put a stamp on an envelope
I said, yeah, let's go hunt some antelopes. So we went to Africa on a safari. I put your mama so hard
She looked like Starry and she was taking ecstasy at the time. So we had to just go
Poisonous vipers in the bush. I fucked your mama and her big-ass tush
I fell inside and I looked around and I said, holy shit, it's a new hip-hop sound
The beats are bouncing off of her ass walls. I think that's about all I got to do is just say
Ha ha ha, and then your mama's ass does all the
So I wore a bitter coat and I came outside and there was a moat
It was, you know what you milk that she forgot to drink because your mama diet stinks
She just lays on her bed and fucking shit that people put in front of her
Snakes
Wait, keep it going like
He was talking about my mom that's not my feeling
After this time, he's gonna be really, really, he's in this house and he's really fucking lonely
Like I said before, good luck when you had a journey
Yes, and I do want full abs, so see if you really need abs
If we do those, you should look the streets
Yes, I even heard the taxes
Man, you were really fucked up, no wonder everyone wants to leave you every time you speak this
I know I'm real fucked up, it's a battle
I don't give a shit, I'm real evil with this shit
My producer is now saying, shout out with this shit, I eat, keep harding it
Here we go again, we're going round and round
The clock's like the clock's ticking, tick and tick, talking
Yes, quit talking about how you giving my mom the fucking stocking
There's a big requirement, one of the last times he's seen the tip
Every time you look down, it's all toes
No mo, you just a hoe
And it's pipping up in here, West Hollywood, you a wee hoe
Whoa-ho, slow down, no mo
Stop with that shit, I'm your man
But you ain't going hard, your Billy, Billy is too big
I can't see nothing that you say it
Every time you see it, you always be spraying mediocrity
The form of walking forward and deceiving
You just shake it like you got epilepsy
I'm dropping knowledge, ha ha ha
I'm dropping knowledge like Michael J. Fox
You get it, he got marguses
I'm real fucked up, go to my Soundcock to my makescape
Ha ha, it's a random shout out
Yo, I love him in revenge of the nerds
I love when you freaking picture nose all the time
Could you eat it in that one scene?
Would you really fuck your nose out?
Would you really pick it out?
How many ass did you get?
After a scene when you saw a girl, you were like
Hey, I'm that geek, yo, give me some vagina
Ha ha ha, B-U-S-S-Y
Never? Are you serious?
Did they see you, they said fucking nerd
Fuck that shit, you're awesome, that's absurd
Shout out, he's a real legend
Shout out to everyone here, you fucking listening
Just get the fucking clapping, go ahead
Sell some blood, pour it, put his hip hop in
It's a real fucking battle, holy shit
I feel like Kanye West when I don't have a baby
Goddamn, or a, or a Kandarsian with a big bad booty
Or a dad who just went kind of silly
Went opposite, now she's a fucking mommy
Or a girl, or a man for night, I don't give a fuck
Anyway, I'm out of here, just go ahead
Just stop it right here, I'm going to quit
Thank you for the drink, do I have to pay anything?
How about it's it, how about go ahead and practice?
Go ahead, just keep on writing all day
But it's just go for wedding, you're a fucking light con too
And I think it's really cool that you gave me this opportunity
To go ahead and say everything that I want to say
Oh, MC Clarity!
The winner, I think
Oh, you got it
Yeah, we'll give it to you this time
Thank you, sir
That's that second round I heard
I could almost keep up with everything
And it was badass, that was nice
I'll be analyzing that shit for a little while
Oh, wow
And then it got really meta and uncomfortable
When he was rapping about my twitching
My uncomfortable twitching
And it was like, okay, this solves that theory
Of when are these people who freestyle all the time
How much stuff do they have up their sleeve?
No, I was twitching and then he started rapping about the twitching
Yeah, see, if you give him something
He's going to work with it, because he's an artist
And that's what artists do
I thought I was the only one with flow
No
A twitchy flow?
Colin, you don't have any wrap up your sleeve
No, I don't
You've never even wanted to try it, did you?
No, I'm not a rapper
I'm not the rapper
That's the other one
MC Hanks?
I was in a...
I played bass in a band in college
That fancied itself as a live hip-hop group
There's a horrible thing to fancy themselves
And we called ourselves the underlords
Such a horrible name for a band
So bad that the guy who was recording our demo
Labeled us the overlords
And he said, over, under, it doesn't matter
It does not matter
So you were a band first and then said, let's try rapping
That was the Beastie Boys, right?
No, I just played bass, I was just the quiet bass player
You're like, leave me out of this
I'm just off to the side playing a bass
And on that little demo that we made
The one thing that you cannot hear is the bass
Yeah
So this isn't something you kept?
No, I still have it
Oh, you do still have it?
Oh, I still have it, it's really bad
No, you can't listen to any of it
Okay
I want to make sure I'm just going to check my Microsoft One Note
I got to go to the bathroom real quick
Spencer's got to make a little poopers
Oh, there is one thing
It's been sitting here the entire time
Watching all of this
He's a professional
I think we're about to get to his part of the show
And he goes, I got to go to the bathroom
Doesn't even wait to announce
I got to go
And just leaves
There's no permission
It's really gone to his head
He's doing it for free
But he got to executive produce
I would hope he's shitting for free
If you were charging him, that would be really bad
I mean the game mastering
There's one thing, we'll talk until he gets back
Dave Grohl is in your documentary
As a person who was just one of many people
That we recognized these days
Who grew...
He's in documentaries
He's in a lot of documentaries
He made all of his in the time it took to make one
The appeal of Tower Records was the snobbery
Not to put too fine a point on it
I've always been fascinated with that idea
I think I enact a lot of snobbery
Without realizing I'm doing it
But I've never been patient for it at all
What is that?
The idea that they like to go to record stores
And be given a hard time or did back then
With Grohl, there's a very specific reason
Why I put Grohl in the documentary
Because everyone was like, when we released the trailer
There were some people that were like, oh great
David Grohl is in another documentary about music
Like that, Per the Rules
He has to be in every documentary about music
Is this clips of him saying
You have to understand that at the time
Nobody had heard anything like this
And it's just, it could be about anything
It's like clip art
It could be anything
But very specifically, he actually worked at Tower Records
Before he was in Nirvana
He worked at a Tower Records in Washington DC
So I specifically went after him
Because I knew that he worked there
And he talked a lot about the fact that
A lot of the people that worked at music stores
At record stores have a tendency
To be pretty snobbish
I had to tell you
I can't wait to see this
Because the tower that was here on Sunset Boulevard
When I moved here in 83
Which I think was the year it opened
It opened on Sunset
No, it opened in the 70s
But it opened for you in 1983
That's right, it was in...
In New York was in 1981
Anyway, but the reason that I can't wait to see it
Is because I never encountered that
I never encountered snobbery
And I lived in that Tower Record
For years
I was there constantly
And one of the things that I thought was so sorry
About the whole thing going south
Was that there was a social environment there
Which everyone has lost
As a result of going to MP3s
Yeah, no, I always sort of say
That there are two things that are missing now
That these stores have a tendency to not really exist
And I'm saying this knowing full well
That we're in the back of a comic store
Where this happens every day
But there are two things that happen
A is there's the social interaction
Between people at the stores
Who are going through bins
And seeing what the other person is doing
And maybe there's a connection there that can be made
Or there's at least some sort of connection
Being made between the person that is taking the money
And the person that is giving the money
The only difference now is that
I don't remember what I was doing when I downloaded some song
There's no special moment of like
Oh man, I'm about to download this
That is going to change my life
Or like man, I remember where I was when I downloaded this
But I remember where I was when I bought an album
That meant a great deal to me
And that is something that is somewhat special
At least to me
It's notable to notice the lack of that
But it's also like, let's be honest
I mean, you could say
You could say the same thing about making bread or something
Like people used to have to
Well, we need a loaf of bread
So I guess I know what I'm doing Wednesday
And then once bread started to be made by other people
It's like, we lost Wednesday
When bread started to get streamlined
We lost our Wednesdays
And it's true, but it's not necessarily good or bad
Again, I do feel like in that documentary
I often feel this way about documentaries
But people that contributed so much to popular culture
They beat up on themselves so much
In the third acts, like they're like
Oh, but we could have never known
It was going to be the end of everything
Did you see the Paul Williams documentary?
That guy is so hard on himself
For being one of the most amazing people
For all of everything in the 70s
And being one of the most inspiring, interesting people
It's like this diminutive guy that just experimented
Kind of like Beth Bootson with the idea of
Like I'm here mocking her
And she's like, I'm going to be bulletproof, I don't care
I'm so at peace with myself
All I care about is whether you're okay
And so this tiny little guy
Who was a brilliant songwriter
And wrote all of these hits
All of a sudden he becomes this amazing celebrity
And it wasn't because there weren't
Taller, more handsome people available
It was because people loved him
Because he was so unflappable and so sincere
And yeah, it was the 70s
So he did a bunch of coke and drank
And the documentary kind of
Follows him looking back on those days
And at the end of it I felt like I had to tweet him
And go like, you're too hard on yourself
Man, that's like, so what?
You rubbed your nose during the Dick Cavett show
Like what the fuck?
You were great
And he wrote back like, yeah
But I have to find peace and grace and all this stuff
And it's just like, no, be drunk again with me
No, no, no, I don't know what it is
It's like, you don't want to fuck with that shit
But I feel like people are too hard on themselves
In these documentaries where it's like
Yeah, we did this thing and then
Like what was Tower Records supposed to do?
The important thing that I, the most important thing
That I kept trying to remind myself was the fact that
I was being interested to tell these people's stories
And so when I see things
And when I see documentaries
And people are being too hard on themselves
I go, no, they should be hard on themselves
Because it was their lives
This is what they did, for better or for worse
This is what they did
And a lot of times, especially
When you get into these scenarios where documentaries
Are talking about, you know, people
That dedicated their lives to something
They will spend the rest of their lives wondering
What they could have done differently
And we gave
People that worked at Tower a chance to be able to
Talk about that and to sort of
Maybe, just maybe
Give them an opportunity to sort of get them
You know, get that off their chest
And you captured really powerful moments
What's your relationship between acting and
I mean, now you, what does it take
To direct a documentary and how does that compare to
Because you can just show up to a place
And have your own trailer and have people put makeup
On your face and go have fun
Yeah, that shit's really nice, I'm not going to lie
That's really nice when people are like
It's really funny and like where makeup
And pretend to be someone else, that's a nice
Day job to have and I really
Enjoy doing it and I got a new show now
It's called Hanks a Lot
Super great
No, but I, like
That is really fun but
Hanks for nothing
Hanks for the memories
Boy, there's a lot of, they all involve the word
Thanks, don't they?
No, but like
With the documentary thing it was really
Something that I started doing because
I wasn't working because
I couldn't find any acting work
And I'm not a writer, I don't pretend
To be a writer, a lot of actors
Do
Ouch
Oh wait
But um, no
Basically it was a chance for me to do something
Else creative and I
Needed some sort of outlet and so this
Doc proved to be it and since I started
Making it, I've done a couple of other ones
And I'm not
Pretending to be a documentary filmmaker
This is just one story that I really wanted to tell
And I was lucky enough to
Well you just swell at it, yeah
It's really
We'll see it on Friday and then
And then we can talk for
The next three hours about
Certain, like, like, like the
What it is, like, that a lot
Very few
He finished his shit, we can play a game
And I want to talk about this one
Aspect of your life that you share
With a very, very, very tiny minority
Of people, which is a
Legacy
And how you deal
With, like, that
Concept of working, of
Establishing
We're talking about your uncle Michael Keaton
Yeah
But it's a totally different podcast
We can
Talk about that or not talk about that
Because you're a lovely, wonderful person
That I really like hanging out with
I appreciate that
And you're going to play Shadow Run with us now
And Curtis, you get to reprise your role
As Dr. Friend
It is time for Shadow Run
And we've had
I'm going to not
Be bashful about
Soliciting the aid
Of someone
That presents as female
Or as feeling female tonight
Gay can count
Since you said it, that charmingly
Who said that?
Okay, well, it's
Let's bring up the Does Gay Count guy
You're going to get one of those
Because
Does Gay Count
Yeah
I'm not sure
Let's figure it out
Alright, I'm Dan Harmon
We'll use that for me
You should be Dr. Friend
And then
So, Hordegaard
Why don't you be Hordegaard
You're like a psychic
Of a foreign guy
Okay, I'm a psychic foreign dude
Yeah, Damorage usually plays him
I don't know really how to explain him
Okay
Jeff, of course
Oh, well
It's a real tragedy
Jeff isn't here
We'll be fine
Yeah, we'll just say
That Jeff got lost for a second
Jeff got lost
That's what he does
How come I can never figure out
Exactly how many people we need
I don't know
There's plenty of right answers
So, at what point do I reveal
That I have no idea what this is
Or how to do this
Do I just wait until the end?
Most of us have been waiting to reveal that for
A long time
Alright guys, shadow run
Wait, does gay count guy, what's your name?
What's your name?
Elliot
You're more than gay, you're foreign
Should he play
The foreign
Yes, he should
We need to switch characters
Where are you from, Elliot?
I'm so sorry, I'm not a woman
No, that's so charmingly British of you
Gay is enough, man
Combined with British?
That's like, the women are
Very happy right now
Cool
Positively
You grant of him
He's all flustered because there's ladies
In the front row
I'm in love with Elliot, this is great
Thank God for my divorce
I can explore these avenues now
I didn't know
Gay Harry Potter is going to
Come
Take me to your Quidditch game
It's all hack and it's dumb
Just trying to get laughs
Like a desperate, sad, hungry hippo
Grabbing at marbles
Someone laughing at something
Alright, so do you think
We could grab one more person
To play Jeff's character
I mean, it's
Spencer doesn't care
Anybody in the front row
Want to come up and just really quickly
Alright, young lady
There we go
Alright
You're playing Jeff's characters
Eve Liberty, I don't know what
We never remember
And I don't remember what happened last time
I was about to find out
Do I have to keep score?
Yeah, right now we're at
2, 4, 7,
He's being passive aggressive
That's not passive aggressive
I would like him to come back
Hey
Yeah, me too
You behave yourself
It's alright, let's go
Shadowrun
That's how old games start
You yell Shadowrun
This one was written by
Robert Horn
He's the guy whose parents
Run a crown nanker
That place that we went to
Yeah, anyway
Robert Horn
After the Shadowrunners spent
What felt like an unreasonable amount of time
On an impromptu quest
Given to them by Hank, the gang finally opened
The musical lock with their newly
Achieved, harmonious melodies
They discovered a vast amount of
MP3s, which after
The unsuccessful use of their abilities
Were sloppily transported
To the back of a stolen van
At this time, Hakai alerted the gang
To his unfortunate mistake
That a live stream of the murder they
Had committed on a future sex offender
Had been found by local police
Giving them 30 seconds to escape
Will the seemingly
Unprovoked murder of the
Storage clerk go and answer
Will his new MP3-access
Spark a revolution
Or just draw a bigger crowd
Will the Eagle ever return
With the Johnson's location
That's a callback
Find out this week on Shadowrunners
I'm so lost right now
So fuck it
You made the documentary about tower records
To play the game about MP3s
And shit
Jesus, that was an aggressive clap
Really approved that thought
I agree with him
You just piled in this van
Full of MP3s
You're pulling out of the driver place
And cops
Cops are coming
You're hearing them
Fucking pigs
Yeah, you're driving
And you're not even the best driver
Hey, I'm driving
I'm not even the best driver
Hey, the cops are coming
Quick, drive better
Away from the cops
Please return your tray tables
All that stuff you say
What a cool van
Where are we going?
Well, first we got to lose our tail
Okay, turn left up here
I love this game
Infinite possibilities, guys
Turn left up here
You
You turn left down the street
You're going down an alleyway
It's really narrow
But down at the other side of the alleyway
It's just a whole other street
That seems to be free of cops
Good idea
Promove, dude, good job
It's not my first rodeo
It's my first rodeo
But let's
Hey, how are you doing back there?
You other two?
I'm having a smashing time, thank you
I'm feeling really insecure
Of my Americanness
As you should
It's alright
None of us are good at channel running
You'll get used to it
I keep driving
If I feel like I've lost the cops
I'll go back to the last stand
What's it called?
You do that
You go out to the other street
In this street there's no cops
You seem to have lost them for the moment
Oh, both, I've got a map
Can that help?
You find where you are
There we are
I'm just gonna let you go
Where are we?
You're in the Barrens
You're about 15 minutes away
From Hank's last stand
Which I don't think is marked on that map
In Seattle
Seattle 272
Hey, let's go to Tacoma
Send every British tourist
Ever
As soon as they get to the airport
Seattle Tacoma
Let's go to Tacoma
Stay out of downtown
Everywhere
That's good
Can we go to Tacoma?
Tacoma's license plate frame
They're not in the state
They don't have a license plate frame
I was gonna say
Dependent on Europeans misunderstanding
Since 1905
You could definitely head to Tacoma
No, no, no, come on
Don't be ridiculous
Come on, we're gonna go back to where we got the job
Okay, yeah, let's go there
Where's the...
Where is it? Where's the last stand?
It's not marked on that map
Mark it
Relax
I know 2072 Seattle
Like the back of my cybernetic hand
Come out to the coast
Have a few laughs
You screech to a halt
Are we at the last stand?
No
I didn't mean to screech to a halt
I'm just turning
Okay
Are you telling us we have to tell you
Where we go?
No, tell me you want to go to the bar
I said
I don't think so
Those at home can rewind
But I will say again
I'd like to go to Hank's last stand
You arrive at Hank's last stand
Hey, any landing you can walk away from, right?
I don't know if you notice Colin, but my character's based on Bruce Willis
I know a bartender
You totally tell from your lack of hair
So is there someone in Hank's last stand we need to see?
Hank
My bartender doesn't help
Alright, well where the fuck's Hank?
Hey guys, how's it going?
Hey Hank
Very well, thank you
Looks like you have some hot vehicular merchandise there
We're coming in hot Hank
Let me let me let you pull into my back garage
For safe keeping
This isn't a euphemism for something else
But it sounds like a plan
Alright, no it's not this time
Oh, not this time
Alright
You pull into his garage and he's like
What do you guys got for me, a van?
You tell him Bruce
We got the MP3s
The MP3s, that's right
We got some MP3s
Based on that improvisational
Mission that started with Paul Scheer
Rift some shit
It's finally over
We yes-handed it for six goddamn weeks
And I'm not saying he kept us from doing anything remarkable
But it's finally over
There went a heaven of riffs
Comedic riffs
So yeah, we'd like to
We'd like to offload
Those, right?
Because they're not just MP3s
They're bootleg MP3s
That means that we did it illegally
Which makes it worth more
This is going to be worth a lot to me
You know, we're going to have
Asses and seats and benches
And on stools
All the places you need asses
But you know, there's a small matter of price
Let's talk terms
Eve Libertine, you usually do the talking
Am I the, okay
Don't worry about any of that shit
I don't know what any of it means
Just off the top of your head
I'm severely allergic to seafood
Addicted to seafood
If that is relevant in any way, shape or form
You feel seafood withdrawals
Yeah, so maybe I'm not the finance person this time around
Yeah, just negotiate
You're the negotiator
What's the sticker price?
Eight
Let's start with that
I think it's eight
The sticker price on all these is six
Six
Well, I heard eight and so I'm saying eight
Yeah
He drive a hard bargain, but
Eight and how worth is his shit right there
Sorry, we talked over each other
My bad
That's not, it happens with me
All right, good job, Eve
Good job
What I'm good for
All right
Well, what do you know
This ragtag group of shadow runners
Finally did a real shadow run
We saw it through
Why don't we head back into the bar
I don't mean to tell you your business
I'm not the leader or anything
We can go back to the purpose, right?
Yeah, all right
Let's get to know each other
Sit around, have a drink
All right
Yeah
Let's do that
No, I don't want this to end
I don't care if you guys have work in the morning
So, you guys still enjoying shadow running?
Yeah, when we do it
Can we just talk to you some more about anything?
Like what?
Oh shit, look at this stump
Oh, there's a stump
All I want to do is hear you say
It's a tree herder, it's a shepherd of the forest
It's racist among us
All right, that's fine
We'll end on that note of social equality
Elliot, I didn't even get your name
Coco, all right, Elliot and Coco
Very heroic participation
Colin Hanks, everybody
MC Clarity
And his flow
An easily handed defeat that I will revisit upon him tenfold
In a future episode
Zach, the audio maniac
Justin, our producer in the back
Chris Peruf
Our guest comptroller, Curtis Armstrong
My wonderful life partner and best friend Erin McGathy
That will be back soon to suss through all this with us
I thank your spirit for being awesome in that
Text message conversation with our neighbors, the Bootsons
The Bootsons
Spencer Kretnan
We'll see you next Sunday, I believe
Stay podcasty
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show
Feral Audio